add links to eks site for neuron examples (#45341)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/scheduling/accelerators.rst

     - Experimental, supported by the community
   * - `AWS Neuron Core <https://awsdocs-neuron.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/general/arch/model-architecture-fit.html>`_
     - neuron_cores

>      - Experimental, supported by the community. See examples on AWS EKS `here <https://awslabs.github.io/data-on-eks/docs/gen-ai>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Experimental, supported by the community. See `Generative AI on EKS <https://awslabs.github.io/data-on-eks/docs/gen-ai>`_ for examples.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the link. We try to avoid using "here" for links because it's not very descriptive. Would you mind installing Vale, which will catch these style nuances? go/vale
